docs: Add documentation for Angular (#2192)
FusionAuth/fusionauth-site: site/docs/v1/tech/tutorials/integrate-angular.md

---
layout: doc
title: Integrate Your Angular Application With FusionAuth
description: Integrate your Angular application with FusionAuth
navcategory: getting-started
prerequisites: nodejs
technology: Angular
language: TypeScript
---

> {% include docs/integration/_intro.md %}

Reviewer: I think we'll have to change `_intro.md` to allow passing a variable to change _"how to integrate **a {{page.technology}}** application"_ to _"how to integrate an **{{page.technology}}** application"_

> In this article, you are going to learn how to integrate **a Angular** application with FusionAuth.

Reviewer 2: I added a small if statement, which I think does the job. Don't have any other prefix issues.

## Create a User and an API Key

{% include docs/integration/_add-user.md language=page.language %}

## Configure FusionAuth

Next, you need to set up FusionAuth. This can be done in different ways, but we are going to use the {{page.language}} client library. The instructions below use `npm` on the command line, but you can use the client library with an IDE of your preference as well.

First, make a directory:

```shell
mkdir setup-fusionauth && cd setup-fusionauth
```

Now, copy and paste the following code into `package.json`.

```javascript
{% remote_include https://raw.githubusercontent.com/FusionAuth/fusionauth-example-client-libraries/main/typescript/package.json %}
```

Now you need to install the dependencies in `package.json`.

```shell
npm install
```

Then copy and paste the following code into `setup.js`. This file uses the [FusionAuth API](/docs/v1/tech/apis/) to configure an Application, CORS, and more to allow for easy integration.

```javascript
{% remote_include https://raw.githubusercontent.com/sonderformat-llc/fusionauth-example-client-libraries/angular/typescript/setup-angular.js %}
```

Then, you can run the setup script.

```shell

> fusionauth_api_key=YOUR_API_KEY_FROM_ABOVE npm run setup

Reviewer: ```suggestion
fusionauth_api_key=YOUR_API_KEY_FROM_ABOVE node setup.js
```

Reviewer: We renamed the setup scripts sometime ago to accommodate different files, so you could either:

1) Change any mentions to `npm run setup` and `setup.js` to `npm run setup-angular` and `setup-angular.js`; or
2) Change `npm run setup` to `node setup.js`

```

{% include _callout-note.liquid content="The setup script is designed to run on a newly installed FusionAuth instance with only one user and no tenants other than `Default`. To follow this guide on a FusionAuth instance that does not meet these criteria, you may need to modify the above script. <br><br> Refer to the [Typescript client library](/docs/v1/tech/client-libraries/typescript) documentation for more information." %}

If you are using PowerShell, you will need to set the environment variable in a separate command before executing the script.

```shell
$env:fusionauth_api_key='YOUR_API_KEY_FROM_ABOVE'
npm run setup
```

If you want, you can [log into your instance](http://localhost:9011) and examine the new Application the script created for you.

## Create Your {{page.technology}} Application

> Now you are going to create a {{page.technology}} application. While this section uses a simple {{page.technology}} application, you can use the same steps to integrate any {{page.technology}} application with FusionAuth.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now you are going to create an {{page.technology}} application. While this section uses a simple {{page.technology}} application, you can use the same steps to integrate any {{page.technology}} application with FusionAuth.
```

Reviewer: Or maybe we could rephrase this sentence to prevent these kind of things in the future when we copy and paste? E.g. _"Now you are going to create a simple {{page.technology}} application"_
